today we make is gotta go a la Valentina
this is Gurgaon what do you mean we got
a bottom little breadcrumb
salt
you can use a black pepper so you like
parsley a garlic I prefer it kind of
like a lot of hot I use hot the pepper
so buddy no longer have the pepper you
can use only black pepper now this into
the shell
one time I gotta make a stop
I gotta prepare everything I gotta start
the chop everything and we make it the
stuffed for the shell in the snail to go
in a I'll show you what I'm doing now we
start the chapter the password we do the
garlic now a chocolate hot the pepper
okay not this it's all chop it together
you put on a dish now we go to the
butter they put together with a mix put
a little salt not too much salt
the bodied salt you're a little bit I
usually look black pepper a little
breadcrumb and now you're mix all
together
you gotta come a nice mix
we needed a mix first and the shell one
time after all 12 shell I show you what
you got to do with this gotta go that's
it
now we did it a 12 shell now just stick
the we put this cargo inside of the
shell you gotta push it in and you put
the feel and a tap like this
okay now we've done all 12 he's gotta go
now we got to do with a little bread
crumb you take this cargo and you
different bread the cover of the butter
and you make it just like that one by
one okay
now this is ready weaken the oven like
this for 15 minutes ten to the fifteen
minutes okay now we put your 400-degree
i usually water after for this dish
inside a week or the oven it's 400
degree
okay now which I got not oh look a
beautiful ice really nice look look a
beautiful nice color
see now we serve this like this for one
person idiot
now we use a little bread with garlic
oil and we can dip this with escargot
one over here
what
okay now with taste there is got go oh
look a nice
delicious the breath you dip inside the
border
move it over thank you for watching